# Target Outcomes
## Article ID: 16-2-2015

For this article you should focus on the findings reported for Study One only.

Specifically, you should attempt to reproduce all descriptive and inferential analyses reported for Study One in the text below and associated tables/figures:

> For all racial measures, higher scores represented pro-White bias. The mean score for implicit racial bias was 0.34 (SD = 0.43) in Study 1, 0.33 (SD = 0.42) in Study 2, 0.27 (SD = 0.41) in Study 3, and 0.18 (SD = 0.37) in Study 4. The mean score for explicit racial bias was 0.30 (SD = 1.09) in Study 1, 0.30 (SD = 1.05) in Study 2, 0.27 (SD = 0.83) in Study 3, and 0.53 (SD = 1.05) in Study 4. Mean rated warmth toward European Americans was 7.18 (SD = 2.07) in Study 1 and 7.15 (SD = 2.00) in Study 2, and mean rated warmth toward African Americans was 6.69 (SD = 2.06) in Study 1 and 6.78 (SD = 2.12) in Study 2. The mean score for explicit physicality stereotypes was 0.80 (SD = 0.83) in Study 3 and 0.81 (SD = 0.85) in Study 4, and the mean score for implicit physicality stereotypes was 0.26 (SD = 0.36) in Study 3 and 0.21 (SD = 0.38) in Study 4. As in Navarrete et al. (2009), we created composite bias scores in each study by standardizing and then averaging all racial-bias measures (warmth toward African Americans was subtracted from warmth toward European Americans to create a warmth difference score prior to standardizing). Mean conception risk was 0.03 (SD = 0.03) in Study 1, 0.03 (SD = 0.03) in Study 2, 0.04 (SD = 0.03) in Study 3, and 0.03 (SD = 0.03) in Study 4. Correlations were computed between conception risk and each race variable, including the composite score. To best match the existing literature, we computed correlations for White women only (see the Supplemental Material for additional analyses). Conception risk did not significantly correlate with any of the individual measures of racial bias (see Table S4 in the Supplemental Material) or with the composite score in Study 1, r = .00, 95% confidence interval (CI) = [−.09, .08]; Study 2, r = .00, 95% CI = [−.09, .08]; Study 3, r = .03, 95% CI = [−.17, .22]; or Study 4, r = .05, 95% CI = [−.11, .21].

**Note**
Make sure to use the original article for additional context and information about any necessary pre-processing steps. Also check for additional supplementary materials that may provide supporting documentation for analysis procedures.
